{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Constantia;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl360\slmult1\qj\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To add a custom node into the behavior editor, you need to create a class that represents the node.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F     Create a script in the appropriate folder (Actions / Conditions / Decorators / Internals). The script must have the same name as the class. Make sure the spelling is correct!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F     Set the class to inherit from BaseNode.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F     Override the Action() method.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F     Best practice is to keep it as simple as possible. Ideally one node should do only one thing, so the behavior is easy to modify by moving the nodes rather than rewriting them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F     Action() must return the result state of the node.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F     BT_State.SUCCESS if the action is completed successfully}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F     BT_State.RUNNING if the action is not yet complete and should continue in the next traversal}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F     BT_State.FAILURE if the action fails in some expected way (e.g. a condition is not met)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F     BT_State.ERROR if the action fails in an unexpected way (e.g. required data is missing). Error will stop the BTree component executing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F     You can also override other methods, if you need them:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F     _init() is for any initialization logic and is called when the behavior is first created. You can set variables to the Blackboard here. Trying to access a variable that is not found in Blackboard will create an error, but will not stop behavior execution.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F     StartAction() is for any logic needed to begin the action. It is mainly useful for actions that take more than one frame to execute. It is called once before the Action() method, but not again while it is running.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F     EndAction() is for any logic to end the running action. It is called when the Action() is finished successfully, and also if another branch interrupts the action.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F     All variables that need to be updated or accessed from outside the node should be set to the Blackboard. However, you can also use local variables inside the node. If you need a value that can be set in the editor, you must make it a property.}}